Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to have a circle avatar over here and over here, we're going to have
to icon button.
Okay.
Now, in order to do this, we need to go back to our second hand aside this row within the column.
First of all, we can just have the comma via.
And within the column we can have another row widget.
And as you know, the rule can take multiple widgets so it as this children the first child is going
to be a widget known as Circle Circle Avatar.
And they're going to give it a radius that is our route is going to be a radius of 60.
The watch as well.
Has the property known as background colour for the background colour.
We can say colours, dots can.
OC is true and see and go check it out.
You're going to see the value.
Great.
Now, the next thing we're going to need to do is over here and here we want to have two icons.
Button How?
With my explanation, you can see these two icons are going to be displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
Right.
So we send the column because so now it's in the column within the row and of course within the column
because we're basically making everything displayed for display vertically.
Sorry.
Yeah, vertically.
Right.
Okay.
That is from top to bottom.
Like I said.
Over here.
We want to have two icon buttons.
Right.
And these two icons, button, are going to be displayed.
Vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
So what we can do is within the row jets, outside the circle avatar, we can just had a true cover.
Within the royal widgets.
We can have another column.
Under the collar.
And as they know, the column can take multiple kids as these children.
And the first child is going to be a container with just a container.
And in order to have access to lots of property, the container has.
So for that, they're going to be using the property known as declaration and box declaration.
Okay.
And now we can say the color is going to be color as dots can.
And we can give this a border radius to tell how route is going to be.
We can say what our radius border.
Or we can just say we have better ideas.
Dot holy.
That's this.
We don't want all the sides to be around.
We want to specify the sides we wish to be round.
We can say we only want the top.
Left to have a radius so you can say videos.
Videos.
With the secular of 15.
And our digital cover and top right to have videos.
The circle of 15 as well.
And now we can have the newcomer in this country, and that's to save.
Okay.
We can't see anything because we have not gave it a height or a width, right?
So what we can do is within this container, the container has a property known as child.
So within the container we can say child.
The child is going to be an icon.
But in icon.
But it.
Okay.
As you know, it's going to take the press, which is the function.
And for the icon, it's going to be icons.
Sorry, icon.
So this is going to be.
Icons.
Dirt camera.
Camera on the score heart.
Okay.
How do you recover?
How did you recover?
How did you cover this country and save?
I think we are missing.
One.
Okay.
Get rid of this case.
Control and save.
And see if you can see to where we can just change this to pop or maybe or we can just go with this
for now.
Okay.
So what we can simply do is over this container, we can just copy this.
Copy.
First of all, how did you recover and then paste?
We are still within the column.
And it's going to be a top story.
It's going to be bottom left.
But some.
Left.
So.
And.
There's going to be short term.
Right.
So.
Okay, what time?
Right.
And.
Okay.
So remove the dirt.
This should be radius.
Radius, the circular.
And get rid of this.
Sorry for that.
Okay.
Now check it out.
Now we can give space between bots.
So we're going to use this, which you've said before, this is the first icon.
This is the first icon.
Right.
And it LCA.
And this is the second.
So all we can do is we can have a size, a size pause and we are giving the space that give it the space.
Vertically.
Right.
So this is going to be height.
So we can say height of ten.
Okay.
You can try and save.
Now what we can as well do, we can give space between these two icon and this.
So what we have to do is to go to.
The column.
This is it over here.
So this is the first side of the row.
The sequitur.
And this is the second chart of the row.
That is the column.
So what we can do, we can give a size plus or value.
Size bursts and we give it the space horizontally.
Right.
So this is going to be width of ten.
And how did you cover this?
Concerns to save.
Okay.
Great.
So now what we can simply do, we can change this icon.
So there's going to be icons, dots.
It's going to be I think we have the icon of.
For two.
Just going to check this out first.
I think we have for two here for two.
Okay.
And what we can as well do is we can increase the size of this test over to maybe 25 to make it sorry,
about 15, 25.
Okay.
And we can get rid of this additional as.
Now, lastly, to make our code cleaner what we can do or to make it more cleaner, all we can do is
within the variety.
We can create a new folder and we're going to call this for the Hot.
Part.
Right.
And.
We can, basically.
Use control and a to a light and its see to copy this or we can just call it this.
And then we can delete this file.
Deletes deletes can't move to trash.
And over this art, you can basically just move it there.
But for some reason I just prefer it in this way.
So what we can do now is we can create a new file over this art, and we call it London.
I'll just call customer.
On the score screen.
Then the section is dot dot and we can just place this here.
Okay.
And now over.
Yeah.
We can alight in this country and do what's important and we can then get rid of this.
Because it is not longer found.
Okay as well.
Okay.
So I think this is more cleaner.
So within the views we have a directory called Hearts where all our authentication screens are going
to be stored, such as the London customer screen, the seller customer screen, the logout and so forth.
So I think this will be more cleaner.
Okay guys, see you in the next lecture.